it is it's summertime in Hollywood where
visitors come from all over the world to
experience the glamour of a homeless
person in a Chucky costume begging you
for a dollar on the street yeah you know
there's a lot of filth out on Hollywood
Boulevard so we thought it would be nice
to give some of our visitors a chance to
cool off tonight in the back of our
theater we've set up a big swimming pool
that's it and in front of our theater
out on Hollywood Boulevard we set up a
little cousin Sally cousin Sal hey every
year and our lawyers just love it when
we're looking for Willie for people who
are willing to take their clothes off
change into one of our preowned
swimsuits and belly flop into our pool
now Sal you haven't you have anybody
willing sink awning okay this guy you're
gonna like oh that's nice hold on a
second
what's your name yeah no sir I'm sorry
what's your name Jim Espinosa could you
slide over for one second cuz I'm
missing a shirt behind you oh look at
that that's our executive producer Jill
Lederman on that church Jimmy there's
one left it's a medium I don't fit you
flying off the shelves ok sorry ok now
where are you from I'm from gardena
california you're from gardena and what
do you do for a living um I'm in high
school right now your high school really
you seem older than height how long have
you been in high school I'm just I'm
being kind of senior are you on the
extended plan um I don't think so you
don't think so all right ok so when do
you go back to school um the 13th oh and
are you a good belly flop ER oh yes I am
all right very good well let's come on
through them what's get you out of those
clothes and into the pool is how a high
schooler that
this one's even better looking well hi
what's your name hey I'm Frenchy Frenchy
huh that's really what's your name all
right calm down you animals Frenchy were
you from I'm from Italy from Italy yeah
what part of Italy I'm Julia Oh pouliot
oh I was just there as a matter of fact
really yeah i really was believe it or
not all right right he's lying do you
have do you have belly flopping in Italy
oh no you do not have belly flopping in
Italy whoa interesting well so this will
be your first time ever trying this yeah
all right well part of it is we're gonna
need to get you into a bathing suit okay
okay okay very good send her through
salen and uh
right you there yeah just go right
through that door yeah there you go just
you push on them give it a push yeah
push push push there you go
I hope that's not one of the
requirements of graduation oh here we go
hi there yes well right just push on
those doors all right things are looking
up all right see she went right through
who else should we have out there Sal
join them what's your name Walter White
sorry Simon were you from hostage here
in England oh wow I now in England do
that do you belly do you know what
a belly flop is I know what a belly flop
is and everything I do the flop so all
right well maybe we're about to turn
that all around come on through and
we'll get you in a swimsuit oh look at
this oh here we go hi Simon how are you
yeah it's just right
slip into something more comfortable and
will be Whitney shortly who else should
we have out there cousin Sal got a nice
young lady out here what is he hi what's
your name Darrell Darrell do you think
you owe you're gonna be a good belly
flop urdu after all you are you good at
this sort of thing I never did it before
never have tried it before new why not
in my bed maybe okay all right all right
well let's stay you did it let's give it
a try in our pool so come on through all
right Darrell everyone else will look
swap worthy and son the thrill okay